
What we do!

An extensive number of unique Flash Templates is at your service. All templates on our site were created specially for you! Our independent designers created flash professional templates. Also our templates are unique. It means you can use our flash templates to create your own site!

Our studio offers a big choice of free flash templates categories for your business and personal needs. By using our unique products, you can create an excellent animated website and spend minimum time and money on it. Most of our templates are compatible with Flash MX2004, Flash 8, Flash CS3, and Flash CS4. You don’t have to be a professional flash developer to create a website.

All you need is to download our ready to use free flash template, replace graphics and text, and you’re all set with a ready solution. Also, our professional flash developers team is always available if you need help. In addition to all said, the templates function in the latest versions in all web browsers. We are sure our solutions will nicely surprise you and leave a pleasant impression.


All website template is released under a Creative Commons Avttribution 2.5 License

We request you retain the full copyright notice below including the link. This not only gives respect to the large amount of time given freely by the developers but also helps build interest, traffic and use of our free and paid designs. If you cannot (for good reason) retain the full copyright we request you at least leave in place the Website Templates line, with Website Templates linked. If you refuse to include even this then support may be affected.

You are allowed to use this design only if you agree to the following conditions:
- You can not remove copyright notice from any our template without our permission.
- If you modify any our template it still should contain copyright because it is based on our work.
- You may copy, distribute, modify, etc. any our template as long as link to our website remains untouched.

For support please visit Internet


Your Flash Site will be look professional!

An extensive number of unique Flash Templates is at your service. All templates on our site were created specially for you! Our independent designers created flash professional templates. Also our templates are unique. It means you can use our flash templates to create your own site!

Our studio offers a big choice of free flash templates categories for your business and personal needs. By using our unique products, you can create an excellent animated website and spend minimum time and money on it. Most of our templates are compatible with Flash MX2004, Flash 8, Flash CS3, and Flash CS4. You don’t have to be a professional flash developer to create a website.

All you need is to download our ready to use free flash template, replace graphics and text, and you’re all set with a ready solution. Also, our professional flash developers team is always available if you need help. In addition to all said, the templates function in the latest versions in all web browsers. We are sure our solutions will nicely surprise you and leave a pleasant impression.
